#summary MAN page of mkcpl

==NOM==

mkcpl - Create a composition playlist

==SYNOPSIS==

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" picture.mxf sound.mxf [picture2.mxf sound2.mxf...]

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" *[--annotation* "annotation"*] [--issuer* "issuer"*]* picture.mxf sound.mxf

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" *[--ratio* "aspectratio"*]* picture.mxf  sound.mxf

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" *[--versionid* uid*] [--versionlabel* label*]* picture.mxf sound.mxf

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" *[--rating* agency label*]* picture.mxf sound.mxf

*mkcpl --kind* contentkind *--title* "title" *[--norating]* picture.mxf sound.mxf

*mkcpl [-h | --help] [-V | --version]*

==DESCRIPTION==
Creates a composition playlist displayed on the standard output.
You need to redirect the output to create a file. See examples below.

==OPTIONS==
*-h | --help*
  Show help

*-V | --version*               
  Show version information

*--kind* contentkind
  Content kind. Could be one of the following:
  feature, trailer, test, teaser, rating, advertisement,
  short, transitional, psa, policy

*--title* "title"
  Content title.

*--annotation* "annotation"
  Annotation text

*--issuer* "issuer"
  Issuer name

*--ratio* "aspectratio"
Aspect ratio. Default is taken from the asset. 
This option is to override the asset aspect ratio.

*--versionid* uid
Version UID. Default generates a new id.

*--versionlabel* label
  Version label. Default is the versionid.

*--rating* agency label
  Defines a rating agency and label.
  Default is *--rating* http://www.mpaa.org G

*--norating*
  Removes the default rating.

==RETURN CODES==

mkcpl has the following return code:

*0* Success
|| other return codes need to be added here ||

==EXAMPLE==
===Single reel feature with default rating===

*mkcpl --kind* feature *--title* "my movie" mypicture.mxf mysound.mxf *>* mymoviecompo.cpl.xml

===Single reel test with no rating===

*mkcpl --kind* test *--title* "my test" *-norating* mypicture.mxf mysound.mxf *>* mytestcompo.cpl.xml

===Single reel feature with a PG-13 rating===

*mkcpl --kind* feature *--title* "my movie" *--rating* http://www.mpaa.org PG-13 mypicture.mxf mysound.mxf *>* mymoviecompo.cpl.xml

===Multi reel feature===
  The 3 examples have the same results. The picture/sound order doesn't matter.

  The *mkcpl* application associates the first picture in the list with the first sound in the list and so on.

*mkcpl --kind* feature *--title* "my movie" mypicture-1.mxf mysound-1.mxf mypicture-2.mxf mysound-2.mxf *>* mymoviecompo.cpl.xml

*mkcpl --kind* feature *--title* "my movie" mysound-1.mxf mypicture-1.mxf mypicture-2.mxf mysound-2.mxf *>* mymoviecompo.cpl.xml

*mkcpl --kind* feature *--title* "my movie" mypicture-1.mxf mypicture-2.mxf mysound-1.mxf  mysound-2.mxf *>* mymoviecompo.cpl.xml

==SEE ALSO==
[MkPklMan mkpkl], [MkMapMan mkmap]