#summary Release 1.1.0 Faqs
#labels Featured

= Release 1.0.0 Frequently Asked Questions =
==General==
*How can I create a DCP ?*

Only command line creation is currently supported. Refer to CommandLineTutorial for details.

*On Windows, I can't execute mkcpl, mkpkl nor mkmap. Some DLL are missing.*

Install the [http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=9B2DA534-3E03-4391-8A4D-074B9F2BC1BF&displaylang=en Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x86)]

*How can I add a subtitle in my DCP ?*

Subtitling is not supported in this release.

*Where is the GUI ?*

There is no GUI. Only command line tools are provided in this release.

*What type of assets are supported ?*

Currently, only JP2K and PCM 48k are supported.

*Can I have multiple reels ?*

Yes. You just need to add several files. Refer to CommandLineTutorial for details.

*How do I created .mxf files ?*

Use [http://www.cinecert.com/asdcplib asdcplib] or any other digital cinema package creation tool.

*Can I add markers in the composition playlist ?*

No. Markers are not currently supported.

*mkpkl takes a long time to complete. Why?*

mkpkl has to compute the hash code, so it parses all the file which could take some time if the file is large.

==Compilation==
*How to compile with Visual Studio ?*

Download opencinematools-1.0.0-src-msvc.zip, open OpenCinemaTools.sln and compile.

*How to compile on Linux/MacOS ?*

Compile asdcplib 1.3.18 with expat support(see asdplib doc for details).
Compile mkcpl.cpp, mkpkl.cpp and mkmap.cpp individually.
Than link each of them with asdcplib, openssl and expat.

*Is my OS supported ?*

The answer is simple, if asdcplib, openssl and expat compile on your OS, the command line tools should compile too.

*Where is the makefile ?*

Currently, no makefile exists. You need to compile and link with asdcplib, openssl and expat. A future version will include a makefile for easier build.

*Is the source code on SVN ?*
Not yet, but it will be available soon.

*Some parts of the code source look like asdcplib, why ?*

mkcpl, mkpkl and mkmap use and are heavely inspired from [http://www.cinecert.com/asdcplib asdcplib]. Collaboration with it's author as been the kickstart this project needed. Thanks John :)